# personal-blog
You are to create your own webpage that will be placed on the web. Your webpage should tell the world about you and also serve as a central repository of web based applications that you developed over the semester. The layout and content of your webpage are entirely up to you. You are encouraged to be creative and produce a document that you are proud to display to the world. Your page must provide the following: (minimum requirement): The site should contain at least four web pages namely; Home, Personal Information, Product and Contact Us.  Your Home page should be divided into different layouts. For instance navigation, content, sidebars and footer. The menu should include internal links that jump to locations within the personal information page, contact page, product page and external links that load related pages into new windows.  Your information page must have your course prominently centered at the top and other information about you. There should be several sections on the information page eg: personal information, Hobbies, pictures, favorite links each with its own heading. At least each section should have multiple paragraphs in it.   There should be at least one list eg: your top ten football teams or movies or music. There should be at least five links in the page including a link to the HO TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY home page.  There must be at least one table, some of whose rows are more than one line long displaying courses and associated lecturers.  Contact Us: This page should contain your contact details. The   page should have at least one form to accept inputs from a user.  Product: This page should display pictures and list of books for computer science and IT programme including the Author’s name, title of the book and date of publishing. The website must make use of external style sheet that defines the formatting styles of your website.
